[MUSIC]
Hi, I'm Grace, and I work in Detection and
Response at Google.
When I tell people what I do,
they think it's awesome,
I love being able to say, my job is to
detect hackers trying to hack Google.
There are people who trust us with their
data that play critical roles in society,
like journalists and
activists, for example.
So they need to be able to
have their data with us and
trust that it's going to be safe.
Security mindset is about curiosity.
There's a really nice overlap between
cybersecurity and computers and
having that creative and logical outlet
and an interest in big world matters.
What hackers are thinking,
what defenders are thinking.
I'm empathizing with people
looking at how information can
be attained,
perhaps sometimes from unusual sources.
An example of one of the craziest things
that I've learned about would be how
people can get information from a CPU.
Some tasks for
a CPU are more difficult than others,
require more energy to do multiplying
numbers as an example of that,
which means that the CPU
is going to work harder,
it's going to get hotter,
it's going to be executing more functions.
So you can use that information to know
things about what that CPU is doing.
From there, you can start to deduce what's
happening at a given point in time.
What I recommend to people who
are interested in developing a security
mindset is listen to stories.
There are podcasts that have
great interviews with hackers.
I recommend following the news and
reading news articles about different
cyber threats that
are happening on in the world.
I recommend going to conferences,
go to meetups,
finding people that you can study with and
practice with.
Even hackers are teaching each other how
to hack things in forums and chat rooms.
It's not cheating to ask for help.
Another piece of advice that I have for
people would be to not give
up when you have roadblocks.
Studying the certificate
is a really good idea, and
it's really worth persevering
right to the very end.
Even when it gets hard and you start
feeling overwhelmed, that's okay,
they're new terms.
I can guarantee that if you come back
to it later, you'll be more familiar.
You'll find it easier.
Being really gentle with yourself and
understanding and
patient will help a lot when
you're facing these challenges.
[SOUND]